Add `The Followpoint: Azer, the Tournament Titan` news post (#13123)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-04-15-the-followpoint-azer-the-statistics-breaking-magician.md

---
layout: post
title: "The Followpoint: Azer, the Statistics-Breaking Magician"
date: 2025-04-15 17:00:00 +0000
series: The Followpoint
---

> You hear that? That's a sound of a new interview with someone who's a renowned player AND a World Cup organiser too — Azer!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You hear that? That's a sound of a new interview — this time with a renowned player and World Cup organiser, Azer!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-04-15-the-followpoint-azer-the-statistics-breaking-magician/banner.jpg)

~~Azer isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such aim ability and movement with a tablet? Alex puts the game on another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. Cookiezi breaks records. Rafis breaks records. Azer breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic.~~

> On a serious note though, [Azer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578) is someone you most likely heard of if you are interested in osu! World Cups and especially if you are an older player. He's contributed a lot to the tournament scene and to World Cups specfiically, earning multiple [badges](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge) for that, ranging from pooling to organising the entire thing! Not to mention that he also received a [Community Contributor badge](/wiki/People/Community_Contributors) for all his work!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On a serious note though, [Azer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578) is someone you have likely heard of if you are interested in osu! World Cups, and especially if you are an older player. He's contributed a lot to the tournament scene, earning multiple [badges](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge) in his time playing. He has also contributed heavily to the osu! World Cups, ranging from pooling to organising the entire thing! Not to mention that he also received a [Community Contributor badge](/wiki/People/Community_Contributors) for his dedicated work!
```

Rewriting this section because it was jumping all over the place

> ~~Azer isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such aim ability and movement with a tablet? Alex puts the game on another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. Cookiezi breaks records. Rafis breaks records. Azer breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic.~~
> 
> On a serious note though, [Azer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578) is someone you have likely heard of if you are interested in osu! World Cups, and especially if you are an older player. He's contributed a lot to the tournament scene, earning multiple [badges](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge) in his time playing. He has also contributed heavily to the osu! World Cups, ranging from pooling to organising the entire thing! Not to mention that he also received a [Community Contributor badge](/wiki/People/Community_Contributors) for his dedicated work!

Reviewer: had i never heard of this copypasta (it's years old at this point), it would leave me rather confused. it doesn't read like a joke. i would shorten and integrate it in a way that doesn't interrupt the flow or leave it out entirely

and the fact that no one changed the "Alex" to "Azer" in this copypasta is wild. i guess no one really reads the whole thing anyway

```suggestion
[Azer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578) is someone you have likely heard of if you are interested in osu! World Cups, and especially if you are an older player. He's contributed a lot to the tournament scene, earning multiple [badges](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge) in his time playing. He has also contributed heavily to the osu! World Cups, ranging from pooling to organising the entire thing! Not to mention that he also received a [Community Contributor badge](/wiki/People/Community_Contributors) for his dedicated work!
```

---
 
<style>
    .news-chat-quote__avatar {
        float: left;
        width: 40px;
        height: 40px;
        border-radius: 50%;
        margin-left: -50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__text-container {
        margin-left: 50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__username {
        font-weight: 600;
        margin-bottom: 2px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-lvd {
        color: #FFD1DC;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-gmt {
        color: #99EB47;
    }
</style>

<div class="news-chat-quote__text-container">

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Hello Azer! For our first question, how would you introduce yourself to someone who doesn't know you?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Azer.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578">Azer</a></p>

> Hi everyone! My name is Alex, I've played osu! for 13 years and I've streamed my entire journey, from peaking at #10 in 2015 to participating in the tournament scene as a player, host, commentator and mappooler. I've also mapped for just as long and played other modes a little bit at various points in time (3 digit taiko & 4 digit 4k). I was one of the first osu! players to obtain a twitch partnership and helped pioneer the osu! scene on twitch.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Hi everyone! My name is Alex, I've played osu! for 13 years and I've streamed my entire journey, from peaking at #10 in 2015 to participating in the tournament scene as a player, host, commentator and mappooler. I've also mapped for just as long and played other modes a little bit at various points in time (3 digit taiko & 4 digit 4k). I was one of the first osu! players to obtain a Twitch partnership and helped pioneer the osu! scene on Twitch.
```

> I've mostly retired from any sort of competitive play, now focusing on organizing world cups and helping various tournament projects to offer a great experience for the next generation of players. Within the World Cups, I mostly manage standard mappooling (as pretty much every single role within, but most crucially providing rare player-focused mapping feedback and quality assurance) and osu! Originals (I handle the standard artist lineup each year and help all world cup teams, providing production related feedback in places it is asked for and optimizing our music to fit each gamemode's events).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I've mostly retired from any sort of competitive play, now focusing on organising world cups and helping various tournament projects to offer a great experience for the next generation of players. Within the World Cups, I mostly manage standard mappooling (as pretty much every single role within, but most crucially providing rare player-focused mapping feedback and quality assurance) and osu! Originals (I handle the standard artist lineup each year and help all world cup teams, providing production related feedback in places it is asked for and optimizing our music to fit each gamemode's events).
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

How did you get introduced to osu! and what was your first impression of it?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Azer.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578">Azer</a></p>

> A friend I played Counter Strike with told me the game is great for aim training (classic...), and since I have a heavy music background I picked it up pretty quickly. It felt extremely foreign at first since I had never been introduced to otaku culture prior and was kinda fascinated to learn about so many artists and new music genres I had never heard before. I had played a lot of guitar hero but never really got to hear any eastern music or play any other rhythm games, so it was really captivating. Some of the artists I initially discovered here when I was new are still some of my favourites to this day. I wasn't particularly dragged in by watching any gameplay or notable players, but mostly just to the unique experience it provides.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A friend I played Counter Strike with told me the game is great for aim training (classic...), and since I have a heavy music background I picked it up pretty quickly. It felt extremely foreign at first since I had never been introduced to otaku culture prior and was kinda fascinated to learn about so many artists and new music genres I had never heard before. I had played a lot of Guitar Hero but never really got to hear any eastern music or play any other rhythm games, so it was really captivating. Some of the artists I initially discovered here when I was new are still some of my favourites to this day. I wasn't particularly dragged in by watching any gameplay or notable players, but mostly just to the unique experience it provides.
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578">Azer</a></p>

My motivation mostly lies in my desire to give back and to contribute to what made this place so special to me. I want to preserve it and improve it however I can to ensure new players get to have as good of a time I got to have. When it comes to quitting, I've technically already quit competitive play long ago, but I'm sure I'll always be here to check on things for years to come. When so much of your life was forged around your experiences and connections here, the saying is true. You are here forever. I think it's easy to stay motivated and find new ways to help people and improve the experience in whatever limited ways I may be able to. It's like decorating my second home. I live here, so it might as well be nice!

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

> When was the last time you saw a player with such aim ability and movement with a tablet? XD

Reviewer: the context should definitely be presented here if anything

```suggestion
What are your thoughts on the "Azer isn't so great?" copypasta?

> Azer isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such aim ability and movement with a tablet? Alex puts the game on another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. Cookiezi breaks records. Rafis breaks records. Azer breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic.
```

Honestly it's been so long that I don't quite remember who made it exactly, but to have a random inside joke from my community explode like this has wasn't something I could ever predict... it's literally just another copypasta, how did we get here?? (It's not even original either, it's adapted from Alex19 in the smash scene, just a PSA)

---

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

What made you get into casting tournaments? Was there anything/anyone specific that motivated you?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Azer.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578">Azer</a></p>

> When I started casting, commentary was a lot less polished, so it was easy as a knowledgeable player to step in and talk about stuff, but overtime certain casters came along and really made everyone else step up their game. I don't particularly consider myself a great caster but my depth of experience still lets me bring interesting topics, and that type of casting is kinda hard to come by (most casters had great voices/pacing but not many really had high level player experience, so I slotted in the ecosystem easily)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When I started casting, commentary was a lot less polished, so it was easy as a knowledgeable player to step in and talk about stuff, but over time certain casters came along and really made everyone else step up their game. I don't particularly consider myself a great caster but my depth of experience still lets me bring interesting topics, and that type of casting is kinda hard to come by (most casters had great voices/pacing but not many really had high level player experience, so I slotted in the ecosystem easily)
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

What does the osu! World Cup sound team do?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Azer.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578">Azer</a></p>

> It's not really a real team to be fair, I just like the name but it represents the small team we have in place to create osu! originals and help them flourish. For the most part it's mostly [mangomizer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1893718) and myself, but lately we have also benefited from the help of Kry.exe, who is one of very few people who hold all the criterias required to contribute to what we do. We essentially provide production feedback to artists we work with in order to create memorable experiences for world cup events. It can be music related, or suitability to gamemode or intent, it can be fixes intended for gameplay etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's not really a real team to be fair, I just like the name but it represents the small team we have in place to create osu! originals and help them flourish. For the most part it's just [mangomizer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1893718) and myself, but lately we have also benefited from the help of Kry.exe, who is one of very few people who hold all the criteria required to contribute to what we do. We essentially provide production feedback to artists we work with in order to create memorable experiences for world cup events. It can be music related, or suitability to gamemode or intent, it can be fixes intended for gameplay etc.
```
Fixed redundancy, also criteria is the plural form of criteria

> It's not really a real team to be fair, I just like the name but it represents the small team we have in place to create osu! originals and help them flourish. For the most part it's just [mangomizer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1893718) and myself, but lately we have also benefited from the help of Kry.exe, who is one of very few people who hold all the criteria required to contribute to what we do. We essentially provide production feedback to artists we work with in order to create memorable experiences for world cup events. It can be music related, or suitability to gamemode or intent, it can be fixes intended for gameplay etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It's not really a real team to be fair, I just like the name but it represents the small team we have in place to create osu! originals and help them flourish. For the most part it's just [mangomizer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1893718) and myself, but lately we have also benefited from the help of [Kry.exe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/448), who is one of very few people who hold all the criteria required to contribute to what we do. We essentially provide production feedback to artists we work with in order to create memorable experiences for world cup events. It can be music related, or suitability to gamemode or intent, it can be fixes intended for gameplay etc.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Azer.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578">Azer</a></p>

I think when it comes to staffing roles like that, the most important thing is just to get your foot in the door. The tournament community is really just a big web of volunteers who made the effort to participate, so just making things happen and leaving a positive experience with others goes a long way. Similarly, being player unfriendly or taking actions that go against the grain always tends to leave a lasting mark, so it's important to remember that we are just here to have a good time and to promote environments players want to participate in.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

> In your opinion, what's the current state of the tournament scene? Anything that you think can be improved, or everything seems fine?

Reviewer: phrasing is a bit odd

```suggestion
From your perspective, how would you describe the state of the tournament scene? Anything that you think can be improved, or everything seems fine?
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Azer.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578">Azer</a></p>

> I think we are due for some more high profile events again! It feels like there aren't really that many, but I think an important thing to figure out right now is how to make open rank tournaments exciting again. I think people tend to avoid them due to superteams spoiling the experience a bit, so I'm excited to see if a solution to that gets implemented anywhere so we don't have to wait months between big events. Non S-tier events seem to be doing fine, but there isn't much outside of OWC to get really excited over. I think the scene might be due for another big shake up, which is why we're trying a lot of experimental things with Lazer Grand Arena, perhaps something there ends up sticking. There's a lot of very high quality events with very little excitement, relative to the quality they present. I don't really know the solution to any of that, but I think it's definitely the biggest ongoing issue with the tournament scene.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I think we are due for some more high profile events again! It feels like there aren't really that many, but I think an important thing to figure out right now is how to make open rank tournaments exciting again. I think people tend to avoid them due to superteams spoiling the experience a bit, so I'm excited to see if a solution to that gets implemented anywhere so we don't have to wait months between big events. Non S-tier events seem to be doing fine, but there isn't much outside of OWC to get really excited over. I think the scene might be due for another big shake up, which is why we're trying a lot of experimental things with [Lazer Grand Arena](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Tournaments/LGA/2024), perhaps something there ends up sticking. There's a lot of very high quality events with very little excitement, relative to the quality they present. I don't really know the solution to any of that, but I think it's definitely the biggest ongoing issue with the tournament scene.
```

---

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Many know you as a World Cup organiser, but you've actually participated and won a bunch of tournaments too. So what do you feel is your best moment coming from a tournament player perspective?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Azer.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578">Azer</a></p>

It's pretty hard to pick one after playing for this long, but I can cut it down to 3 that mean a lot to me!

> [OWC 2015 vs Taiwan: United Tiebreaker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGOxH7j8YwA)

Reviewer: these videos should be embedded imo

Author: Alright, will do

Author: Update: 3rd video link doesn't want to work as an embed for some reason, so I'm not sure what to do about this

> In the quarterfinals, we had [a really close match](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/20423117) going up against Taiwan, when legendary players like hvick225 and Rucker were pretty much playing at their peak. As it progressed, it became clear that it was gonna go to tiebreaker, and people were really excited, knowing that the tiebreaker was United. This being the same year as that score was set, it was extremely nerve wracking seeing that everyone was obviously looking at me to perform. I remember I was so locked in for this, I literally took the few minutes I had to prepare to meditate… It ended up being worth it and I was able to compose myself just enough to FC it to win the match.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the quarterfinals, we had [a really close match](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/20423117) going up against Taiwan, when legendary players like []hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) and [Rucker](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147515) were pretty much playing at their peak. As it progressed, it became clear that it was gonna go to tiebreaker, and people were really excited, knowing that the tiebreaker was United. This being the same year as that score was set, it was extremely nerve wracking seeing that everyone was obviously looking at me to perform. I remember I was so locked in for this, I literally took the few minutes I had to prepare to meditate… It ended up being worth it and I was able to compose myself just enough to FC it to win the match.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

> Did we kick a kid? :tf:

Reviewer: the fa page and the united clip feels appropriate to link here but it's not the entire context... idk what would be the best thing to link for the specific mishearing

```suggestion
[Did we kick a kid?](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/200) :tf:
```

Author: FA page works imo

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

If you never played osu!, what game(s) would you mainly play?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Azer.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578">Azer</a></p>

> Before osu!, I played a lot of shooter and mmo games, and was already doing content creation for several years already, so I'm sure I would've kept going in that direction. I played a lot of Call of Duty and Counter Strike, and I got really hooked on Overwatch when it initially released (I was semi pro for a year or two) so I think that would have been the most likely!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before osu!, I played a lot of shooter and MMO games, and was already doing content creation for several years already, so I'm sure I would've kept going in that direction. I played a lot of Call of Duty and Counter Strike, and I got really hooked on Overwatch when it initially released (I was semi pro for a year or two) so I think that would have been the most likely!
```

Honestly this list is filled with tons of European players I never got to meet. I've been to most parts of NA and met a few Japanese players, but never got to go to [COE](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event) or anything so I'd love to hangout with some other long time players from there, probably [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) and [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286).

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

If osu! ever introduced a new, 5th game mode, what do you think it should be? What's your vision on what could potentially be made into said game mode?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Azer.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2155578">Azer</a></p>

> Considering that all the osu! modes take inspiration from other existing games, I feel like they all cover most of what's possible on PC hardware, so it's hard to say. If there's one thing that could be possible, it could be more of a visual focused experience like Geometry Dash or Groove Coaster, maybe?  Outside of that, I think that most other interesting experiences require specific inputs that aren't really possible or intuitive on mouse/keyboard, so I doubt they would ever be attempted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Considering that all the osu! modes take inspiration from other existing games, I feel like they all cover most of what's possible on PC hardware, so it's hard to say. If there's one thing that could be possible, it could be more of a visually focused experience like Geometry Dash or Groove Coaster, maybe?  Outside of that, I think that most other interesting experiences require specific inputs that aren't really possible or intuitive on mouse/keyboard, so I doubt they would ever be attempted.
```

> Considering that all the osu! modes take inspiration from other existing games, I feel like they all cover most of what's possible on PC hardware, so it's hard to say. If there's one thing that could be possible, it could be more of a visually focused experience like Geometry Dash or Groove Coaster, maybe?  Outside of that, I think that most other interesting experiences require specific inputs that aren't really possible or intuitive on mouse/keyboard, so I doubt they would ever be attempted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering that all the osu! modes take inspiration from other existing games, I feel like they all cover most of what's possible on PC hardware, so it's hard to say. If there's one thing that could be possible, it could be more of a visually focused experience like Geometry Dash or Groove Coaster, maybe? Outside of that, I think that most other interesting experiences require specific inputs that aren't really possible or intuitive on mouse/keyboard, so I doubt they would ever be attempted.
```

A game like this has the tendency to give a big spotlight on people in very formative periods of their lives, and often they might not understand the amount of influence they may spontaneously have, so I feel the need to say these things as someone who experienced that and took a bit too long to understand how to handle it. osu! isn't a mega corporation filled with shareholders and all, it's built on passionate people like you and I, just here to make interesting things happen. Let's make sure we do our best to keep those people motivated. Thank you for reading!

</div>

---

As Azer said, thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoyed this interview!

> By the way, speaking of enjoyment, we'd like to ask you for some feedback on The Followpoint news posts 👀
> Is there anything you think we could improve? Or maybe there's something specific that you like A LOT? Feel free to tell us!
> We try to learn and improve our posts every time, so any feedback is much appreciated!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By the way, speaking of enjoyment, we'd like to ask you for some feedback on The Followpoint news posts. 👀

Is there anything you think we could improve? Or maybe there's something specific that you like A LOT? Feel free to tell us! We try to learn and improve our posts every time, so any feedback is much appreciated!
```
